- ml presentation script
- bowei yao's parts

outline:
intro to machine learning
gathering data and refining data
support vector machine to make sense of the data

Hello everyone, My name is Bowei and this is Ramsey, welcome to our presentation on machine learning.
In this presentation, we will briefly introduce some of the concepts within the domain of machine learning,
and also what machine learning can do for us, as a financial company. We will do so thru by examining a fairly
specific, but also commonly used subset of machine learning, which is giving a machine the ability to
perform pattern recognition or classification. 

Our specific example today for a machine learning classifier is to giving the computer the ability to identify
whether a specific data object is a bear.

So as a human being, how do we identify a bear? This process happens almost instantly. You don't even
think about it. You just look at the picture, and you just know. However, if we slow down time to a certain point,
you will see that there's actually a process, where your senses, mostly your sight or seeing in this case
quickly processes the features presented in the picture, and send them over to the brain for analysis.

And what machine learning is to let computer mimic human's range of learning,
reasoning and decision making. In this case, it is mimicing a human's ability to classify/identify objects.
We can start recording down the features that we recognize, and pass them over to the machine as data, such as the number of legs.

However, this single feature alone clearly is insufficient in identifying the bear from everything else. A table
has 4 legs, and it's clearly not a bear. So we add extra features, such as the number of eyes, weight to distinguish.
And as things get more complicated, for example, a zebra has relatively the same attributes as a bear, we add even more features
such as color. A walrus shares very similar stats, we add more features, such as fur length, sound to distinguish.

This problem further complicates as we realize that there are quite a few variants in the bear family as well.
Take a look at panda and polar bear. They are not brown in color, and a panda weighs signicantly less than the
grizzly and polar bear. But are they bears? Yes. So we need to find some common traits to classify together the 
bears as well. Such as they all have long fur, and the type of sound which they make is roar.
